I may either age
but I've had it for about seven or eight
years and I've been taking levodopa and
all the medicines that they've given me
but they haven't had any success at all
I'm just getting worse and worse I'm
finding it difficult to walk finding it
difficult to move and having a lot of
pain in my back my legs a cramp I can't
feel my toes and it's just been a very
difficult time and we traveled a very
great deal and it just made it more and
more awkward before this I was extremely
fit and on snow fairly fit today I
exercise regularly but I just haven't
been able to do some of the things I
wanted to do I did know what to do so I
went through my iPad and I kept
researching and researching and then I
came across a YouTube that dr. Gary had
done and I was impressed by what
happened with her an Asian gentleman and
I've reached her to the great deal since
and I didn't know what would take place
over we we came here and to see if he
could help okay I want you don't want so
we can document the way your gait is
walk all the way down and back
okay stop right there what are you
feeling when you're walking unsteady
insecure yeah it's just just not a nice
experience I'm very uncomfortable you
don't know where your feet are going and
they feel safe down tap tap tap tap tap
and just rest on that for a moment
what are you feeling right now what
doesn't I'm starting to feel more stable
yeah it and you kind of straighten up a
little bit
limors had to talk from that mom about
this in him but I guess I think it used
to you'll get used to it yeah good
turn around didn't walk for me again oh
my friends huh be all my friends much
good and what do you feel now with this
hot food feel great when was the last
time he did that
wouldn't that be months ago a long time
ago and I couldn't do it as good as that
that's it all right
Kurt in the firelight my name is PG
Daniel and you can look me up on www
Danielle da n e l dot ch
you